# TheGeneral-backdoor

https://github.com/joshingeneral/TheGeneral-backdoor
<blockquote>
This is a simple backdoor I made for putting on the Iomega NAS 1TB device that has a directory traversal vulnerability.
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>joshingeneral</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Shell</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2013-02-19 03:59:36+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2014-11-04 05:34:20+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>6</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: directory traversal vulnerability

---

# Gephi-Graph-Report-Sophie-Nolan-

https://github.com/shmoboat/Gephi-Graph-Report-Sophie-Nolan-
<blockquote>
Graph Report   In this report, I will discuss how I went about creating my Gephi Graph, and will then discuss the network, and the connections of the graph.  Creating the Graph  To create the graph, I used a tool called Gephi. Gephi is an open source network analysis and visualization software application, available for free download online. Gephi allows the user to work with complex data and produce valuable, attractive visual results.   I used my personal Facebook network as the data to input into Gephi. To do this I used “Netvizz”. Netvizz is an online Facebook application that allows you to create a GDF file, which is compatible with Gephi, of all your Facebook connections. After retrieving the GDF file, I saved it to my computer and opened Gephi.   When the GDF file is inputted initially to Gephi, the data is all clumped together in a concentrated area that resembles something like an intricate rubber band ball. To make sense of the connections, I clicked into the Layout module an...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>shmoboat</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2014-11-03 11:10:58+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2014-11-03 11:10:58+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>4</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: use after free analysis

---

# memory-profiling-requests

https://github.com/mhjohnson/memory-profiling-requests
<blockquote>
Just an attempted proof of concept that there could be a memory leak in python-requests
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>mhjohnson</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2014-11-01 21:25:03+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2014-11-01 21:29:38+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>4</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: memory leak proof of concept

---

