# Win2016LPE

https://github.com/alpha1ab/Win2016LPE
<blockquote>
Windows10 &amp;amp; Windows Server 2016 LPE Exploit (use schedsvc!SchRpcSetSecurity())
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>alpha1ab</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>C</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-09-11 08:22:28+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-28 13:28:59+08:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>24</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>99</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>99</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>52</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Win lpe, Windows lpe exploit, Win lpe exploitation, Windows lpe

---

# recaptchahijacker

https://github.com/rafaelsilverioit/recaptchahijacker
<blockquote>
Recaptcha v2 - Session Hijacker
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>rafaelsilverioit</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2017-01-12 18:11:04+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-27 18:30:27+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>10</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: session hijacking

---

# sqlmap

https://github.com/HlaingPhyoAung/sqlmap
<blockquote>
Usage: python sqlmap.py [options] Options: -h, --help Show basic help message and exit -hh Show advanced help message and exit --version Show program's version number and exit -v VERBOSE Verbosity level: 0-6 (default 1) Target: At least one of these options has to be provided to define the target(s) -d DIRECT Connection string for direct database connection -u URL, --url=URL Target URL (e.g. &amp;quot;http://www.site.com/vuln.php?id=1&amp;quot;) -l LOGFILE Parse target(s) from Burp or WebScarab proxy log file -x SITEMAPURL Parse target(s) from remote sitemap(.xml) file -m BULKFILE Scan multiple targets given in a textual file -r REQUESTFILE Load HTTP request from a file -g GOOGLEDORK Process Google dork results as target URLs -c CONFIGFILE Load options from a configuration INI file Request: These options can be used to specify how to connect to the target URL --method=METHOD Force usage of given HTTP method (e.g. PUT) --data=DATA Data string to be sent through POST --param-del=PARA.. Character...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>HlaingPhyoAung</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-09-21 02:27:03+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-21 04:51:04+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>5</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>5</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>5</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Windows escalation of privileges exploit, escalation of privileges exploitation, csv injection, Windows escalation of privileges exploitation

---

# Canton-Roofer

https://github.com/royaltyroofs/Canton-Roofer
<blockquote>
Canton Roofer Rain is a blessing of God. It is such a thing which is liked by every person in the world. It is very useful thing for every type of creature. It has good impacts on your mood. Sometimes, when you become irritated by your boring and dull routine of life, then rain becomes the source of fun in your life. Many people enjoy the rain by long drives while some people enjoy the rain by seeing this and also they make some delicious dishes and make the fun of rain double. Rain is useful not only for humans but also it is very useful for plants and trees. It has good effects on the health of plants and trees. It becomes the natural source of water for plants and trees. After rain, everything becomes neat and clean. And this cleanliness is a big source of attraction for everyone. Some people want to enjoy the rain with their friends and fellows by going outside. But some people want to enjoy these natural things by living at home with their family members. But you only can enjoy th...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>royaltyroofs</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-09-13 12:31:06+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-13 12:31:06+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Windows use after free

---

# zeroday-powershell

https://github.com/OneLogicalMyth/zeroday-powershell
<blockquote>
A PowerShell example of the Windows zero day priv esc
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>OneLogicalMyth</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>PowerShell</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-09-10 16:34:14+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-12 10:03:03+01:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>12</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>320</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>320</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>94</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Windows zero-day

---

# Foxit-Reader-RCE-with-virualalloc-and-shellcode-for-CVE-2018-9948-and-CVE-2018-9958

https://github.com/manojcode/Foxit-Reader-RCE-with-virualalloc-and-shellcode-for-CVE-2018-9948-and-CVE-2018-9958
<blockquote>
Foxit Reader version 9.0.1.1049 Use After Free with ASLR and DEP bypass on heap
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>manojcode</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-08-04 02:32:28+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-11 19:49:06+05:30</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>20</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>5</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>5</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>2</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: dep bypass, aslr bypass

---

# CVE-2018-8353-POC

https://github.com/whereisr0da/CVE-2018-8353-POC
<blockquote>
Simple poc of CVE-2018-8353 Microsoft Scripting Engine Use After Free
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>whereisr0da</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>HTML</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-09-10 17:28:05+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-10 19:32:48+02:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>3</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Microsoft use after free poc, use after free poc

---

# CVE-2017-8759

https://github.com/bhdresh/CVE-2017-8759
<blockquote>
Exploit toolkit CVE-2017-8759 - v1.0 is a handy python script which provides pentesters and security researchers a quick and effective way to test Microsoft .NET Framework RCE. It could generate a malicious RTF file and deliver metasploit / meterpreter / other payload to victim without any complex configuration.
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>bhdresh</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2017-09-14 10:04:39+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-10 20:25:11+04:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>12</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>320</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>320</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>122</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Microsoft rce exploitation, Microsoft rce, Microsoft rce exploit

---

# Linux_kernel_exploits

https://github.com/ww9210/Linux_kernel_exploits
<blockquote>
Repo for FUZE project. I will also publish some Linux kernel LPE exploits for various real world kernel vulnerabilities here. the samples are uploaded for education purposes for red and blue teams.
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>ww9210</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>C</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-03-13 23:47:22+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-06 20:02:34-04:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>33</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>471</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>471</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>115</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: lpe exploit, lpe vulnerability

---

# Function

https://github.com/landonasato/Function
<blockquote>
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>landonasato</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>HTML</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-08-22 21:36:57+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2018-09-05 12:18:06-10:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>10</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>19</code></td></tr>
</table>
Keywords: Windows use after free, Win use after free, Win use after free exploit, Windows use after free exploit, use after free exploitation, Win use after free exploitation, Windows use after free exploitation

---

