# Major-HIPAA-Survival-Guide

https://github.com/atanu1982/Major-HIPAA-Survival-Guide
<blockquote>
The HIPAA Survival Guide was developed as a collaborative effort between an attorney and a registered nurse, both licensed in the State of Florida. In addition the authors, both individually and collectively, have significant technology experience. However, neither author had significant HIPAA experience prior to this effort, although both had compliance experience in other industries. For personal and professional reasons, the need arose to acquire a much deeper understanding of HIPAA, especially in light of the recent nationwide initiatives of the administration regarding electronic health records.   HIPAA 2018 Changes: In this HIPAA session we will be discussing HIPAA 2018 Changes taking place in Washington with the Health and Human Services when it comes to the enforcement of the HIPAA regulations already on the books as well as some step-by-step discussions on the audit method and some current functions regarding HIPAA cases (both in courtrooms and from live audits).  Attend this ...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>atanu1982</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-05-23 12:10:47+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-06-21 22:41:13+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# sapConfigServlet_rce

https://github.com/shipcod3/sapConfigServlet_rce
<blockquote>
checks for SAP ConfigServlet Unauthenticated Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>shipcod3</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2014-12-14 18:10:04+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-06-11 09:37:20+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>6</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>1</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# mongooseNewsScraping

https://github.com/Fitzpa/mongooseNewsScraping
<blockquote>
&amp;&#35;35; All the News That's Fit to Scrape  &amp;&#35;35;&amp;&#35;35;&amp;&#35;35; Overview  In this assignment, you'll create a web app that lets users view and leave comments on the latest news. But you're not going to actually write any articles; instead, you'll flex your Mongoose and Cheerio muscles to scrape news from another site.  &amp;&#35;35;&amp;&#35;35;&amp;&#35;35; Before You Begin  1. Create a GitHub repo for this assignment and clone it to your computer. Any name will do -- just make sure it's related to this project in some fashion.  2. Run `npm init`. When that's finished, install and save these npm packages:     1. express     2. express-handlebars     3. mongoose     4. cheerio     5. axios  3. **NOTE**: If you want to earn complete credit for your work, you must use all five of these packages in your assignment.  4. In order to deploy your project to Heroku, you must set up an mLab provision. mLab is remote MongoDB database that Heroku supports natively. Follow these steps to get it running:  5. Create a Heroku app ...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>Fitzpa</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2019-06-04 21:29:36+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-06-04 21:29:39+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

