# Professional-Way-to-Compact-PST-File

https://github.com/deanamb/Professional-Way-to-Compact-PST-File
<blockquote>
These two methods are very helpful to compact PST file of Microsoft Outlook. But if you’re looking for a professional solution to avoid all these manual steps and achieve best results, you should try the PST Compress tool provided by SysInfoTools Software. It’s a safe and easy-to-use application that requires no prior technical expertise. Via this software, you can safely compact PST file of any size without causing any damage or data loss. It can reduce PST file size by removing all the extra and unused space. The PST Compress tool is available with the demo version for free evaluation. By using the demo version, you can save first 5 emails of every PST file you select after compression. Corrupt PST File But if you have a corrupt PST file, then you can neither compress PST file nor can you split PST it. In such a critical situation, you must repair PST file with the help of scanpst.exe or any third-party PST Repair application.  Microsoft Outlook client has a wide range of smart featu...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>deanamb</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2018-10-11 09:38:23+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-01-19 07:07:33+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# requisicoes-http

https://github.com/maicongobbi/requisicoes-http
<blockquote>
aula sobre memory leak dos observable de angula
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>maicongobbi</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>TypeScript</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2019-01-14 22:39:39+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-01-14 22:40:53+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# QA-Automation-Coding-Challenge-aatariq8

https://github.com/aatariq8/QA-Automation-Coding-Challenge-aatariq8
<blockquote>
The Challenge Set up an automated test suite for the GitHub search repositories API resource. Add tests to cover searching repositories by author name, with pagination and sorting, as an unauthenticated user. Even though there are probably many scenarios you could think of, test up to ten scenarios that you think are the most critical for this resource. Set up an automated test suite for the GitHub search repositories API resource
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>aatariq8</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Java</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2019-01-10 16:29:58+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-01-11 06:06:22+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# mem-leak

https://github.com/bill1812/mem-leak
<blockquote>
expressjs/express 5.0.0-alpha.7 memory leak test on window
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>bill1812</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>JavaScript</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2019-01-07 09:55:35+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2019-01-07 09:57:40+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

