# python-injection-energy

https://github.com/pragun-portal/python-injection-energy
<blockquote>
Python script to calculate the energy in pierce phase and follow through phases of an injection using force-plate data from a csv file.
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>pragun-portal</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2016-08-23 19:10:12+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2016-08-23 19:25:30+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>7</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# protractor-memory

https://github.com/jbarrus/protractor-memory
<blockquote>
Test browser memory usage and find memory leaks using protractor and Chrome
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>jbarrus</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>HTML</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2016-08-16 17:39:07+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2016-08-18 21:33:31+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>23</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# Poodle-Me

https://github.com/ronald-nsale/Poodle-Me
<blockquote>
On Tuesday, October 14, 2014, Google released details on the POODLE attack, a padding oracle attack that targets CBC-mode ciphers in SSLv3. The vulnerability allows an active MITM attacker to decrypt content transferred an SSLv3 connection. While secure connections primarily use TLS (the successor to SSL), most users were vulnerable because web browsers and servers will downgrade to SSLv3 if there are problems negotiating a TLS session.  An attacker can’t see the plaintext contents encrypted web content. They only see the CBC-encrypted ciphertext blocks. But what happens if the attacker duplicates the block containing the cookie data and overwrites the last block with it? When the receiver decrypts the last block it XORs in the contents of the previous ciphertext (which the attacker knows) and checks the authenticity of the data. Critically, since SSLv3 doesn’t specify the contents of the padding (•) bytes, the receiver cannot check them. Thus the record will be accepted if, and only i...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>ronald-nsale</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2014-10-19 16:37:41+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2016-08-05 15:20:06+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>4</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# simpleWebBlog

https://github.com/EgbieAndersonUku1/simpleWebBlog
<blockquote>
A simple web blog that uses mongodb as a database storage. The blog is simple in the sense that it does not use security to verify the user authentication, it does not check whether the name is unique, lacks proper error handling, it stores the password of the user in plaintext within the database. Nor is the user able their delete post or their blog. The goal of this program was to test the mongo database framework. Now that I know I would go back and implement the changes mention above in order to make the blog better.
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>EgbieAndersonUku1</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2016-08-03 01:19:13+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2016-08-03 01:31:09+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>2</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

