# Forward-Kinematics-Demonstration-Using-CoppeliaSim-and-C-

https://github.com/sudipchakraborty/Forward-Kinematics-Demonstration-Using-CoppeliaSim-and-C-
<blockquote>
Robot researchers need the simulator to test their functions and algorithm before implementing into the real robot. Most of the time, a customizable Robot simulator is not available to the researcher. Some good options are available in the market, but their price is too high, not affordable. After much research, we found a better solution around all aspects, fully customizable and entirely free of cost. There are two sides. One is a 3D view of robotics ARM, and another is a joint controller of robotics ARM. For 3D simulation, CoppeliaSim is the best option. It is free of cost and Open Source. The C&amp;&#35;35; language is becoming famous for its managed code structure and ease of implementation. Our Robot controller is in the C&amp;&#35;35; language. For control and debug we use Microsoft visual studio 2019. It is an unparallel IDE for the programmer. In the CoppeliaSim little bit, Lua script is in associated functions. Communication Between the simulator and our application, we will use Remote API F...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>sudipchakraborty</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2021-02-23 16:31:14+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-24 11:31:03+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>4</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# GitHub-Desktop-Overview-Release-Notes-Help-Release-Notes-for-Windows-View-release-notes-for-Ma

https://github.com/nomankhalil/GitHub-Desktop-Overview-Release-Notes-Help-Release-Notes-for-Windows-View-release-notes-for-Ma
<blockquote>
GitHub Desktop Overview   Release Notes  |  Help Release Notes for Windows View release notes for Mac  2016/09/22v3.3.3 Chocolate-Covered Yaks  UPDATEDGit Shell updated to v2.10.2 2016/09/22v3.3.2 Chocolate-Covered Yaks  UPDATEDGit Shell updated to v2.10.1 which updates Curl to 7.50.3 and fixes some issues working with repositories over HTTPS with domains that use self-signed certificates. FIXEDUnable to resize the app to a width of 1024. 2016/09/22v3.3.1 Chocolate-Covered Yaks  UPDATEDForce usage of TLS 1.2 when the client supports the protocol. 2016/09/06v3.3.0 Chocolate-Covered Yaks  UPDATEDGit Shell updated to v2.10 which includes major performance improvements to interactive rebase among other enhancements. UPDATEDGit LFS updated to v1.3.1. FIXEDDpi scaling on Windows 10 Anniversary Edition caused blurry fonts. 2016/07/26v3.2.0 War on Emus  ADDEDNew button to open a repository in Atom or Visual Studio. UPDATEDGit Shell updated to v2.9.0.1. IMPROVEDBetter error message when publish...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>nomankhalil</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2017-01-05 13:58:35+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-17 12:13:40+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>11</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# HEVD-EOP

https://github.com/ASkyeye/HEVD-EOP
<blockquote>
Bypassing SMEP &amp;amp; allow nt-system in target process via Stack bof in hevd.sys
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>ASkyeye</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2020-08-15 18:59:38+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-14 23:06:11+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>30</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# Brutal

https://github.com/clic-kbait/Brutal
<blockquote>
commands git clone https://github.com/Screetsec/Brutal.git cd Brutal chmod +x Brutal.sh sudo ./Brutal.sh or sudo su ./Brutal.sh about : Now Teensy can be use for penetration Teensy like a rubber ducky , why im choose teensy ? because the price very cheap for me . t’s extremely useful for executing scripts on a target machine without the need for human-to-keyboard interaction ( HID -ATTACK ) .When you insert the device, it will be detected as a keyboard, and using the microprocessor and onboard flash memory storage, you can send a very fast set of keystrokes to the target’s machine and completely compromise it, regardless of autorun. I’ve used it in my security testing to run recon or enumeration scripts, execute reverse shells, exploit local DLL hijack/privilege escalation vulnerabilities, and get all password . Now im develop new tools the name is Brutal Brutal Brutal is a toolkit to quickly create various payload,powershell attack , virus attack and launch listener for a Human Interf...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>clic-kbait</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2021-02-13 11:13:21+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-13 11:13:23+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>1</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>0</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>0</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# SQL-Challenge-

https://github.com/presidentmanny/SQL-Challenge-
<blockquote>
 It is a beautiful spring day, and it is two weeks since you have been hired as a new data engineer at Pewlett Hackard. Your first major task is a research project on employees of the corporation from the 1980s and 1990s. All that remain of the database of employees from that period are six CSV files. In this assignment, you will design the tables to hold data in the CSVs, import the CSVs into a SQL database, and answer questions about the data. In other words, you will perform:   Data Modeling   Data Engineering   Data Analysis    Before You Begin   Create a new folder in your homework repository called sql-challenge.   Inside your local git repository, create a directory for the SQL challenge. Use a folder name to correspond to the challenge: EmployeeSQL.   Add your files to this folder.   Push the above changes to GitHub.    Instructions  Data Modeling Inspect the CSVs and sketch out an ERD of the tables. Feel free to use a tool like http://www.quickdatabasediagrams.com.  Data Engin...
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>presidentmanny</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2020-02-26 23:19:26+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-06 11:54:36+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>3</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>2</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>2</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# pegasus-0day-acunetix

https://github.com/sobri3195/pegasus-0day-acunetix
<blockquote>
This PoC exploit 2 vulnerability in Acunetix core , the first one is a RCE (Remote Command  Exec) and the second one is a LPE (Local Privilege Escalation).
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>sobri3195</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>Python</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2019-12-04 08:02:33+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-06 10:12:12+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>5</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>4</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>4</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>2</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

# WAF-Rule-Testing-File-upload

https://github.com/umarfarook882/WAF-Rule-Testing-File-upload
<blockquote>
Testing Unrestricted File upload vulnerability on xvwa application with OWASP CRS &amp;amp;&amp;amp; CWAF Ruleset. 
</blockquote>

<table><tr>
<tr><td>Owner: <code>umarfarook882</code></td>
    <td>Language: <code>None</code></td>
    <td>Started: <code>2017-06-20 16:12:39+00:00</code></td>
    <td>Latest: <code>2021-02-04 16:00:13+00:00</code></td></tr>
<tr><td>Commits: <code>5</code></td>
    <td>Stargazers: <code>6</code></td>
    <td>Watchers: <code>6</code></td>
    <td>Forks: <code>2</code></td></tr>
</table>

---

